Return non-duplicated sync committee subnets (#2409)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/altair/validator.md

The `subnet_id` is derived from the position in the sync committee such that the sync committee is divided into "subcommittees".
`subnet_id` can be computed via `compute_subnets_for_sync_committee(state, validator_index)` where `state` is a `BeaconState` during the matching sync committee period.

> *Note*: This function returns multiple non-duplicated subnets if a given validator index is included multiple times in a given sync committee across multiple subcommittees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note*: This function returns multiple deduplicated subnets if a given validator index is included multiple times in a given sync committee across multiple subcommittees.
```
